Adds guides for WordPress Vanilla and WordPress Bedrock (#4340)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/upsun/src/get-started/stacks/wordpress/bedrock.md

          expires: 600
          scripts: true
          allow: true
          rules:
            ^/composer\.json:
              allow: false
            ^/license\.txt$:
              allow: false
            ^/readme\.html$:
              allow: false
        "/wp/wp-content/cache":
          root: "web/wp/wp-content/cache"
          scripts: false
          allow: false
        "/wp/wp-content/uploads":
          root: "web/app/uploads"
          scripts: false
          allow: false
          rules:
            # Allow access to common static files.
            '(?<!\-lock)\.(?i:jpe?g|gif|png|svg|bmp|ico|css|js(?:on)?|eot|ttf|woff|woff2|pdf|docx?|xlsx?|pp[st]x?|psd|odt|key|mp[2-5g]|m4[av]|og[gv]|wav|mov|wm[av]|avi|3g[p2])$':
              allow: true
              expires: 1w
```

## 2. Set up a location for uploads

Application containers are read-only by default; WordPress needs a writable location to store uploaded media.
To make the location writable, set up [a mount](/create-apps/app-reference/single-runtime-image.md#mounts). To do so,
locate the `mounts:` section that is commented out, and update it as follows:

> 1. Create the location.</br>

Reviewer: Does this need to be a numbered point if it's the only step? I think it might be better to make it a bullet point or sub-heading within the second point. I only mention this because I found just momentarily confusing when I saw a point number one, after already passing step number two. Then I expected a second point, but there was none, so jumping to the third step felt confusing for a bit.

Author: nope. I think i originally had more steps and then moved them elsewhere, and then forgot to remove the numbering here.

Author: Will change this and push the fix

   To do so, add a `/wp-content/uploads` location as follows:

```yaml {configFile="app"}
applications:
  myapp:
    source:
      root: "/"
    type: 'php:8.3'
    <snip>
    mounts:
      "web/app/wp-content/cache":
        source: storage
        source_path: "cache"
      "web/app/uploads":
        source: storage
        source_path: "uploads"
```

## 3. Install dependencies during the build hook

To ensure your Composer dependencies are installed during the [build stage](/learn/overview/build-deploy.md#the-build),
locate the `build:` section (below the `hooks:` section).</br>
Update the `build:` section as follows:

```yaml {configFile="app"}
applications:
  myapp:
    source:
      root: "/"
    type: 'php:8.3'
    ...
    hooks:
      build: |
        set -eux
        composer install --prefer-dist --optimize-autoloader --apcu-autoloader --no-progress --no-ansi --no-interaction
```

You can adjust the `composer install` command to meet your specific requirements.

## 5. Launch tasks during the deploy hook

> Some tasks need to be performed after the images for our application are built, but before the newly built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the images for our application have been built, there are a few key tasks that must be completed before our newly-built application can receive requests. These tasks include:
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion. It's just because when I read this page, I got a bit confused over what steps needed to be done first and second contextually - if that makes sense. I think it was the use of before and after in that particular way? Let me know if this works better in terms of providing a plainer explanation of what needs to be done.

```yaml {configFile="app"}
applications:
  myapp:
    source:
      root: "/"
    type: 'php:8.3'
    ...

routes:
  "https://{default}/":
    type: upstream
    upstream: "myapp:http"
    cache:
      enabled: true
      cookies:
        - '/^wordpress_*/'
        - '/^wp-*/'
```

Matching the application name `myapp` with the `upstream` definition `myapp:http` is the most important setting to ensure at this stage.
If these strings aren't the same, the WordPress deployment will not succeed.

## 8. Update `.environment`

The CLI generated a `.environment` file during the Getting started guide. Notice it has already created some environment
variables for you to connect to your database service.

```bash {location=".environment"}
# Set database environment variables
export DB_HOST="$MARIADB_HOST"
export DB_PORT="$MARIADB_PORT"
export DB_PATH="$MARIADB_PATH"
export DB_DATABASE="$DB_PATH"
export DB_USERNAME="$MARIADB_USERNAME"
export DB_PASSWORD="$MARIADB_PASSWORD"
export DB_SCHEME="$MARIADB_SCHEME"
export DATABASE_URL="${DB_SCHEME}://${DB_USERNAME}:${DB_PASSWORD}@${DB_HOST}:${DB_PORT}/${DB_PATH}"
```

> To configure the remaining environment variables WordPress needs to run smoothly, follow these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the remaining environment variables that WordPress needs to run smoothly, follow these steps.
```
